Update Vulnerability Detector documentation to include information about Amazon Linux support (#3796)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/capabilities/vulnerability-detection/how_it_works.rst

- `<https://www.redhat.com>`_: Used to pull CVEs for Red Hat and CentOS Linux distributions.
- `<https://www.debian.org>`_: Used to pull CVEs for Debian Linux distributions.
- `<https://security.archlinux.org>`_: Used to pull CVEs for Arch Linux distributions.

> - `<https://feed.wazuh.com/>`_: Used to pull ALAS feeds with CVEs for Amazon Linux distributions.

Reviewer: It is repeated for the MSU

- `<https://www.debian.org>`_: Used to pull CVEs for Debian Linux distributions.
- `<https://security.archlinux.org>`_: Used to pull CVEs for Arch Linux distributions.
- `<https://nvd.nist.gov/>`_: Used to pull CVEs from the National Vulnerability Database.
- `<https://feed.wazuh.com/>`_: Used to pull the MSU and ALAS feeds with CVEs and patches for Microsoft products and Amazon Linux.

> This database can be configured to be updated periodically, ensuring that the solution will check for the very latest CVEs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This database can be configured to be updated periodically, ensuring that the solution checks for the latest CVEs.
```
